README.md, before:

[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/e33e7cb91f7c43999ef4d62161880a0f)](https://www.codacy.com/manual/IncPlusPlus/bigtoolbox-os?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=IncPlusPlus/bigtoolbox-os&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)
[![codebeat badge](https://codebeat.co/badges/22a00715-a3a2-46e2-9053-bbe56a3af569)](https://codebeat.co/projects/github-com-incplusplus-bigtoolbox-os-master)
[![Language grade: Java](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/grade/java/g/IncPlusPlus/bigtoolbox-os.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/IncPlusPlus/bigtoolbox-os/context:java)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/c71e1194835054a5419c/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/IncPlusPlus/bigtoolbox-os/maintainability)
[![Test Coverage](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/c71e1194835054a5419c/test_coverage)](https://codeclimate.com/github/IncPlusPlus/bigtoolbox-os/test_coverage)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/IncPlusPlus/bigtoolbox-os.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/IncPlusPlus/bigtoolbox-os)
[![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io//test/github/IncPlusPlus/bigtoolbox-os/badge.svg?targetFile=pom.xml)](https://snyk.io//test/github/IncPlusPlus/bigtoolbox-os?targetFile=pom.xml)
[![Total alerts](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/alerts/g/IncPlusPlus/bigtoolbox-os.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/IncPlusPlus/bigtoolbox-os/alerts/)
[![FOSSA Status](https://app.fossa.io/api/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2FIncPlusPlus%2Fbigtoolbox-os.svg?type=shield)](https://app.fossa.io/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2FIncPlusPlus%2Fbigtoolbox-os?ref=badge_shield)


## License
[![FOSSA Status](https://app.fossa.io/api/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2FIncPlusPlus%2Fbigtoolbox-os.svg?type=large)](https://app.fossa.io/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2FIncPlusPlus%2Fbigtoolbox-os?ref=badge_large)

Commit message:

Added "what is this?" section
Signed-off-by: Ryan Cloherty <rcloherty@rocketsoftware.com>

README.md, after:

[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/e33e7cb91f7c43999ef4d62161880a0f)](https://www.codacy.com/manual/IncPlusPlus/bigtoolbox-os?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=IncPlusPlus/bigtoolbox-os&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)
[![codebeat badge](https://codebeat.co/badges/22a00715-a3a2-46e2-9053-bbe56a3af569)](https://codebeat.co/projects/github-com-incplusplus-bigtoolbox-os-master)
[![Language grade: Java](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/grade/java/g/IncPlusPlus/bigtoolbox-os.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/IncPlusPlus/bigtoolbox-os/context:java)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/c71e1194835054a5419c/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/IncPlusPlus/bigtoolbox-os/maintainability)
[![Test Coverage](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/c71e1194835054a5419c/test_coverage)](https://codeclimate.com/github/IncPlusPlus/bigtoolbox-os/test_coverage)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/IncPlusPlus/bigtoolbox-os.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/IncPlusPlus/bigtoolbox-os)
[![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io//test/github/IncPlusPlus/bigtoolbox-os/badge.svg?targetFile=pom.xml)](https://snyk.io//test/github/IncPlusPlus/bigtoolbox-os?targetFile=pom.xml)
[![Total alerts](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/alerts/g/IncPlusPlus/bigtoolbox-os.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/IncPlusPlus/bigtoolbox-os/alerts/)
[![FOSSA Status](https://app.fossa.io/api/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2FIncPlusPlus%2Fbigtoolbox-os.svg?type=shield)](https://app.fossa.io/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2FIncPlusPlus%2Fbigtoolbox-os?ref=badge_shield)

# What is this?
This is the OS module of [bigtoolbox](https://github.com/IncPlusPlus/bigtoolbox). This is completely experimental and is still looking for an identity.

## License
[![FOSSA Status](https://app.fossa.io/api/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2FIncPlusPlus%2Fbigtoolbox-os.svg?type=large)](https://app.fossa.io/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2FIncPlusPlus%2Fbigtoolbox-os?ref=badge_large)
